Add baseUrl documentation (#6847)
facebook/create-react-app: docusaurus/docs/importing-a-component.md

- [When to use the curly braces?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36795819/react-native-es-6-when-should-i-use-curly-braces-for-import/36796281#36796281)
- [Exploring ES6: Modules](http://exploringjs.com/es6/ch_modules.html)
- [Understanding ES6: Modules](https://leanpub.com/understandinges6/read#leanpub-auto-encapsulating-code-with-modules)

## Absolute Imports

> You can configure your application to support importing modules using absolute paths. This can be done by configuring a `jsconfig.json` or `tsconfig.json` file in the root of your project. If you're using TypeScript in your project, you will already have the `tsconfig.json` file present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure your application to support importing modules using absolute paths. This can be done by configuring a `jsconfig.json` or `tsconfig.json` file in the root of your project. If you're using TypeScript in your project, you will already have a `tsconfig.json` file.
```

Below is an example `jsconfig.json` file for a JavaScript project. You can create the file if it doesn't already exist:

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "baseUrl": "src"
  },

>   "include": ["src"]

Reviewer 2: Do you need to specify `src` here? I haven't tested, just wondering... if not, we could simplify this.

Reviewer 3: Not for absolute imports. It’s used to specify which files should be included for TypeScript compilation and/or which files should be analyzed by the IDE.

>   "include": ["src/**/*"]

Reviewer: I don't think this is needed. I could definitely be wrong about that though. When I was testing this I wasn't using it.

Author: You definitely don't _need_ it, you're right. It's recommended by VS Code team to avoid performance issues when you add this file. This link explains it well: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/jsconfig. The key thing to note:

> If you do not have a jsconfig.json in your workspace, VS Code will by default exclude the node_modules folder.

> When your JavaScript project is growing too large and performance slows, it is often because of library folders like node_modules. If VS Code detects that your project is growing too large, it will prompt you to edit the exclude list.

So once we add this file, it by default will include everything in the directory of `jsconfig.json` and all subdirectories, **including** `node_modules`. By using `include` it explicitly says "only check these files, thanks!", which is equivalent to how we have our configuration for `tsconfig.json`.

Thoughts?

Reviewer: That seems like a pretty good reason to me.

}
```

If you're using TypeScript, you can configure the `baseUrl` setting inside the `compilerOptions` of your project's `tsconfig.json` file.

> Now that you've configured your project to support absolute imports, if you wanted to import a module located at `src/components/Button.js` for example, you can now import the module like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've configured your project to support absolute imports, if you want to import a module located at `src/components/Button.js`, you can import the module like so:
```
